README.md, before:

# Interest Portal

## Objective

The Interest Portal is a web application designed to capture user information and interests. 

## Content

### 1. Home Page (index.php)

The Home Page serves as the entry point for users to submit their information and interests. The form on this page
collects details such as name, gender, age, email, and favorite programming languages. Users can also provide additional
information about themselves in the "About" section. The portal ensures a professional and user-friendly experience.

### 2. Info Page (info.php)

The Info Page displays the saved user data and interests in an organized table format. Users can review and explore the
collected information of all participants. To enhance user experience, the portal implements the "post/redirect/get"
pattern, preventing form resubmission when the page is refreshed after submission.

## Usage

1. **Home Page**: Navigate to the index.php page to fill out the submission form with your details and interests.

2. **Info Page**: Access the info.php page to view the organized table showcasing user information and interests.

## How to Run

1. Clone the repository.
2. Set up a local server environment (e.g., Apache, PHP).
3. Run the project in your web browser.
4. Go to the home page and fill out the form. (If you do not have an avatar URL, you can use this
   URL: https://drive.google.com/file/d/14hIYqyiKndAfMQf7zJfDoWo9cfqLc4kd/view?usp=sharing)
5. Visit the info page to see the newly saved record and some previously saved example records.
6. Continue saving more profiles.
7. Enjoy!

## Contributors

- Esteban Quevedo Pardo

## Maintainer

This Repository is maintained by Esteban Quevedo Pardo.

## Bug Tracker

Bugs are monitored on GitHub Issues. If you encounter any issues, please check if it has been reported before.

## License

Apache License, Version 2.0.
[Apache License, Version 2.0](http://https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt)

Commit message:

FIX table var unused, and update readme specifying that the user has to update the MySQL Credentials within the info.php.

README.md, after:

# Interest Portal

## Objective

The Interest Portal is a web application designed to capture user information and interests.

## Content

### 1. Home Page (index.php)

The Home Page serves as the entry point for users to submit their information and interests. The form on this page
collects details such as name, gender, age, email, and favorite programming languages. Users can also provide additional
information about themselves in the "About" section. The portal ensures a professional and user-friendly experience.

### 2. Info Page (info.php)

The Info Page displays the saved user data and interests in an organized table format. Users can review and explore the
collected information of all participants. To enhance user experience, the portal implements the "post/redirect/get"
pattern, preventing form resubmission when the page is refreshed after submission.

## Usage

1. **Home Page**: Navigate to the index.php page to fill out the submission form with your details and interests.

2. **Info Page**: Access the info.php page to view the organized table showcasing user information and interests.

## How to Run

1. Clone the repository.
2. Set up a local server environment (e.g., Apache, PHP).
3. Update the info.php code with your MySQL server credentials 
   (Line 8: // MODIFY THIS with your MySQL server credential details
   $servername = "localhost";
   $username = "root";
   $password = "root";)
4. Run the project in your web browser. Go to the home page and fill out the form. (If you do not have an avatar URL,
   you can use this URL: https://drive.google.com/file/d/14hIYqyiKndAfMQf7zJfDoWo9cfqLc4kd/view?usp=sharing)
5. Visit the info page to see the newly saved record and some previously saved example records.
6. Continue saving more profiles.
7. Enjoy!

## Contributors

- Esteban Quevedo Pardo

## Maintainer

This Repository is maintained by Esteban Quevedo Pardo.

## Bug Tracker

Bugs are monitored on GitHub Issues. If you encounter any issues, please check if it has been reported before.

## License

Apache License, Version 2.0.
[Apache License, Version 2.0](http://https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt)
